AF-2748: Heatmap Component: Community Documentation (#3100)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/Release.7.48.0.Final/heatmaps-components.adoc

[id='heatmaps-components-748']

= Heatmaps Components

> Heatmap is a new {CENTRAL} component that can be added to pages and be exported to Dashbuilder Runtime. Similar to a bar chart, line chart, you can drag these Heatmap components to a page and later you can export it to Dashbuilder Runtime. Heatmaps components are used to display heat information over a process diagram. The heat information can be retrieved from a {KIE_Server} datasets. You can create, edit and, build a dashboard using heatmap component. Please refer to the <<_sect_bam_businessdashboards, Business Dashboards section>> for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Heatmap is a new {CENTRAL} component that can be added to pages and be exported to dashbuilder runtime. Similar to a bar chart, line chart, you can drag these heatmap components to a page and later you can export it to dashbuilder runtime. Heatmaps components are used to display heat information over a process diagram. You can retrieve the heat information from a {KIE_Server} datasets. You can create, edit and, build a dashboard using heatmap component. For more information, see <<_sect_bam_businessdashboards, Business Dashboards section>>.
```
